well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we are going to talk about
president trump
senator feinstein term limits
and asking the right question
we're going to do this because i had a
whole bunch of questions about term
limits last night one of them was like
you know i've watched pretty much
everything you've ever made
i don't know that you've ever mentioned
this and that may be true i probably
haven't
the reason this topic is coming up is
because reports are suggesting that
perhaps
senator feinstein is not quite as sharp
as she used to be
she's almost 90. there's probably some
truth to that
um because of that
people realized how long she's been up
there
and now they want term limits
the reason i haven't talked about it
before is because i'm not sure it's the
answer
that a lot of people believe it is
because i don't think they're asking the
right question
what was the most unnerving part
of a second trump term
of that thought he's going to be off the
rails right
because he doesn't have to run for
re-election
because he doesn't have to worry about
poll numbers he can do whatever he wants
he's in office right
why do people want term limits when you
ask that
normally what people say is
well politicians get up there and they
just stay up there that in and of itself
isn't necessarily bad that's not really
why people want them
if politicians were effective
represented the will of the people
did their job well nobody would care how
long they stay up there
the real reason people want term limits
is because politicians either arrive
corrupt
become corrupted or are ineffective
and then get reelected that's the reason
people want term limits
to me it's a lot like uh
buying a fire extinguisher after the
house is burned down
it's not really addressing the problem
in fact it may make it worse
let's say we enact term limits okay and
we'll say a senator can be reelected
once so that's 12 years we'll let the
house stay the same period
12 years is certainly long enough to
become corrupted
six years is
so if they don't have to worry about
being re-elected
if they don't have to worry about poll
numbers if they don't have to worry
about representing the will of the
people
what happens even if we just reduce it
to one term
six years it turns into a six year smash
and grab
of them getting as much as they can as
fast as they can
and there is nothing that anybody can do
to deter them
because they don't run the risk of
losing their seat over it
the reality is that our system has term
limits built into it
when a politician is discovered to be
corrupt or ineffective
the voter is supposed to not re-elect
them
but that's not what happens right and i
get that
that is not what happens that's because
the
american populace is not engaged they
don't stay curious about their
politicians
they don't even know what they're doing
a lot of a lot of voters
they just vote for a party they're not
even voting for a person
which is sad because you're not really
even supposed to be voting for a person
you're supposed to be voting for policy
saying we need term limits is shirking
our responsibility
it is our job you know this is
advanced citizenship it is our job
to remove politicians who are
ineffective or corrupt
and i'm afraid that if
term limits were enacted it would make
the problem worse
people cycling in and out like that
be a whole lot harder to track the
corruption
the money that goes to them well it just
goes to them
there's no reason to look at their
finances again
because they're not going to be in
public office
i don't i don't know that it's the
answer
because i don't think that people want
to ask the real question
if you want to solve this we have to
increase
civic engagement you want to get rid of
crop politicians you want to get rid of
ineffective politicians
those that spend 40 years up there just
fleecing the taxpayer
people have to get involved that's the
actual solution
that's how you stop the house from
burning down
limiting them i don't know that it would
help
maybe it could be a band-aid as we
develop
a more informed more curious more
civic-minded populous
but i would imagine that while that's
happening
those people they are going to be off
the rails up there
you have envelopes of cash changing
hands
because unless they're caught in the act
there's no accountability
the voter is the term limit
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day